Current State: There is a single dashboard which shows data regarding Sales metrics and performance, which is used by the Leadership team. 
For others in the business, there are only Microstrategy subscriptions that are sent out on a daily basis. The AEs have to 
leverage multiple subscription reports to take an informed decision resulting in low performance and effectiveness.

Final State: There is apps for different personas inside the company customized separately for each of them.
All the Microstrategy reports and subscriptions were retired after the deployment of the apps to the business.

Created 3 dashboards for different level of Personas in the organisation
1) RSVP - Regional Sales Vice presidents - Used by ~25 people
2) DOS - Director of Sales - USed by ~50 people
3) AE and NAE - Account Executives and National Account Executives - Used by ~650 people

The 5 stages that were used by me are:

1) inception phase:
I had multiple F2F, video and audio calls with the sales users of the dashboards on  a daily basis through out the process.
Understood how the Sales team work. Finalized on the personas that would be targetted during the process.

2) development phase:
A plug in called Narrative science was used which would analyse the bar graphs and the line charts and give NLP generated text comments
Third party visualizations were also used in the dashboards.

3) testing phase:
Tested the dashboards by logging in as a single AE and saw only their metrics. Created a pilot group of 5% of the users for each persona
app and then deployed to them. Took continuous feedback from the users, did iterative changes and then completed the developemnt and testing 
phases

4) deployment phase:
All the dashboards had security systems set up in it. Only the users details would be available when user sings using single sign
on authentication system before the deployment of the dashboards. 

5) support phase:
Initially there is full support provided by me

Based on the users survey response, there was an increase of 30% in better decision making abilities.
With more iterations of the dashboard after collecting the feedback from the end users, this number will go up.

Desktop view:
Metrics below were shown using Speedometer graphs:
-- MTD Pricing Agreeement Revenue Attainment %
-- MTD Territory Revenue Attainment %
-- Last Cost Month PA Rev Attainment %
-- Last Cost Month Terr Rev Attainment %
-- Last Cost Month Profit Attaintmtnet %

Displayed trends using line graphs for
-- PA Rev
-- Territory Rev

Displayed Bar graph trends for all DOS
-- PA Rev Gap to Goal MTD
-- Terr Rev Gap to Goal MTD

Had metrics of Accounts Receivables, Claims paid, Face to Face calls/day, phone calls / day, RFPs submitted by type, RFPs closed,
Promise amount, potential amount.
The amount in each stage of sales pipeline was shown in a bar graph in descending order of stages.

Also all the call details amd the needs from the call output and action items were recorded and displyed for each customer level.
The growth opportunities like Annual profit improvement target and Peer group based pricing opportunity were also displayed.

Perfect shipment metrics like
-- On time delivery
-- On time pickup
-- Damage frequency
-- Invoice accuracy% were also added

Mobile View:
Only the important metrics from the above were displayed. If they wanted more info, they would have to open their ipad or laptop to 
view the same. Mobile views were created with the intention of having the users see their data when they are with the customers

Formatting:
All official brand logos and brand fonts, sizes and shapes were used for the ceation of the views



